Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: errorgeopy
Version: 1.0.1
Summary: Python geocoding in a disagreeing world
Home-page: https://github.com/alpha-beta-soup/errorgeopy
Author: Richard Law
Author-email: richard.m.law@gmail.com
License: UNKNOWN
Download-URL: https://github.com/alpha-beta-soup/errorgeopy/archive/master.zip
Description: Geocoding with automated indication of spatial error across providers
        ---------------------------------------------------------------------
        
        Geocoding is the process of taking a string representing a real-world address,
        and resolving that to a single point location. However different providers will
        resolve the same addresses to different locations, and it can be important to
        consider this spatial error. For example, when determining the census tract an
        addresses should be linked to, there may be some error. This error can go
        unacknowledged but still be very influential on analysis, similar to the famous
        modifiable area-unit problem (MAUP), but for point representations of addresses.
        
        This library can be used to determine spatial error across selected geocoding
        providers. It can, for example, produce the convex hull of successful geocodes,
        so you can imagine an address as a polygon. These individual points are also
        available as a multipoint geometry.
        
        Intended to work with as many of the providers supported by geopy as you care to
        configure. Without configuration, will use free global provdiders that don't
        require API tokens.
        
        Only supports Python 3. Tested with Python 3.4 and 3.5.
        
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3 :: Only
Classifier: Development Status :: 5 - Production/Stable
Classifier: Environment :: Other Environment
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Science/Research
Classifier: Natural Language :: English
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Libraries :: Python Modules
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: GIS
